[MUSIC]
>> Brian: One of the big key differences
between Flux and Redux is Flux,
you're gonna have many stores, right?
There's a bunch of different stores and
they get all modified in different places.
This actually ends up being,
>> Brian: It's like you hit this critical
mass of it's very nice to have many
stores, and then you hit, I'm gonna say,
ten stores and all the sudden it's a giant
disaster to have so many stores, right?
I was talking to or rather I was
listening to one of those conference talk
Bill Fisher who's works on React and
works at Facebook and Flex and all that.
And he mentioned that
the Facebook ads page, or
one of their ads platform products,
has over 100 stores on it.
And that just makes me
cringing on the inside, right?
Keeping track of so many different
stores seems such a pain to me.
So that's kind of where
Redux steps in here.
Redux kind of took the React approach
of just saying, well, you have so
many different things, why don't you just
try mashing them all together right?
So the difference with Redux
is that there's one store and
then you'd store all of
your data in a tree.
Well this should sound relatively
familiar because that's exactly
what React is right?
It's a tree of components, right?
So the idea of Redux is that instead
of adding a whole new store you just
add a new property,
right, and that new property has its
own tree of properties underneath it.
And that's the basic gist
behind Redux in that sense.
>> Brian: So okay,
>> Brian: Let's go
check the Redux docs, Redux-
>> Speaker 2: .js.org
>> Brian: Yeah, I wonder if there was
a diagram that I originally saw, and
the dangers of Google image search, right?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Brian: [COUGH] Okay,
I'm not gonna find
the one I'm looking for.
>> Brian: You provided?
Nope that's exactly the one
I did not want to look at.
Okay, so,
>> Brian: Yeah,
I'll just follow what I have written here.
So Redux has a single store,
Flux you have many stores.
All data lives in a single
store with Redux.
Both with Flux and
with Redux, intentionally,
you cannot modify the data directly.
You can only read the data and
then you can fire off events
that then in turn do things to modify it.
The difference is with Redux,
so you admit an action, right,
then the action goes to the dispatcher,
right?
Well, [SOUND] not really,
it's a reducer, blah.
Okay, so you admit an action, okay.
The action gets called
to the root reducer,
which is very similar to the dispatcher
but it actually still is a reducer.
And I'm going to define
reducer momentarily, so
if that's a weird word, it is.
Then the root reducer what it's gonna
do is it's going to dispatch to small
reducers, right?
And if you want those reducers to
dispatch to other reducers, right,
it's just reducers all the way down.
What a reduce is, remember we were
talking about map and filter and
all those functional techniques?
Well, there's one called reduce as well,
right?.
There's map reduce, right?
Many of us have heard of
the term as applied to big data,
cuz that's essentially
what most big data is.
Again, being a bullshit industry term,
right?
[LAUGH] Reducer is just the function
passed to a reduce function, right?
That's the reducer function.
Just like you have a filter and
you pass it a filterer.
[LAUGH] I don't know,
do you call it a mapper?
I've never heard it called that but
I've heard it called filterer.
But that's what reducer is, right?
So basically what a reducer
is is it takes one state,
it does some transformation to it,
and returns a new state.
And this is very key, it's very functional
in nature that you get a state,
you create a new object,
you make the changes to that new object,
and return the new object, but
you don't modify the old object.
This is gonna become very, very key
once you start trying to debug it,
because it allows for some fantastic
debugging things which will just melt your
mind out of your ears
once we decide to do it.